{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
- front page slideshow animation slower, not flashy \
- logo experitmenting \
- font size 12 \
\
\
\
- under project, images and videos \
- fashion, music, other under photography\
\
- exhibition, date location \
\
- funding under exhibition \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf0 current_page_item\
\
current_page_ancestor current_page_parent\
\
\
- problem \
\
- the scrollbar of one project still shows \
after opening a multi one \
(believed fixed)\
\
- vimeo and image order, difference between sql call and ajax call\
(believed fixed)\
\
- image smaller than 600px still scrolls \
(believed fixed)\
\
- frontpage_slideshow last image sudden fade ? \
\
- title and sub_des do not match up to the image sometimes ? \
\
\
- layout and font size of about and cv page \
(believed fixed)\
\
\
- mouse over iframe scroll bar do not show\
(believed fixed)\
\
-disabled scroll bar tab !\
(believed fixed)\
\
- scrollbar tab focus remove\
(believed fixed)\
\
-release outside of the tab does not stop scrolling sometimes \
(believed fixed)\
\
- when ajax adding extra entry \
it makes the page goes back to top  \
(smoothed ! )\
\
- only displaying 4 works \
(believed fixed)\
\
- new ajax call won't animate requested item \
(believed fixed)\
\
- add hover block to photography page\
(believed fixed)\
\
-front page font size \
\
- logo link border\
\
-facebook colour match ? \
\
- links in blog\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs26 \cf2 The font size under CV page and Front Page (and probably ABOUT page) is just wrong. I don't know what happen but it looks so different from what you'd shown me last time we met. They are bigger than the top menu bar!!! Please make them in the size that MATCHES other pages. Also while you're attending to it, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE check across the website to fix all similar problems.\
\
Together with the Image/video slideshow problem. The code for the front page image DOESN'T WORK. Also I can't put more than two videos + images under same post in Project Page.\
\
I've been extremely patient with you and we're three months behind schedule. I hope you'd understand my position right now and attend to all problems as soon as you can so that we can get this over and done with.\'a0\
\
Please also attend to all other problems addressed in my previous emails and let me know if you found anything else needed fixing.\
\
//\
\
Spotted another problem. When I placed more than 2 videos and some images on the Project page, it only grabs the videos but not the images. This is very very important and I hope it can be fixed before the weekend. I'm applying sponsorships on Monday and I'd need to upload everything and the website up and running by Monday. So if you would please fix the problem by Saturday that would be great.
\f1\fs20 \cf0 \
\
///\
\

\f2\fs26 \cf2 Thanks for the changes. But for some reasons the front page's font size hasn't been changed. It works fine on other pages but not the front page.\
\
Also the copyright thingy needs to be much smaller (like the general text) and in the centre bottom. Please also change its colours to a light light beige or grey. You can put something like website by: Ray kinda thing below or next to the copyright thing if you like.\
\
I really like the design of the facebook tab. However the blue doesn't quite blend in to the colour theme. If possible please change the colour to match the brown/beige.\
\
Thanks heaps Ray.
\f1\fs20 \cf0 \
}